# CS350Portfolio
The two projects I have chosen to put here are the last two we completed. The first was using a timer and GPIO to signal SOS and OK in Morse Code using two LEDs on the board. Each message would repeat until the user pressed a button to make the message swap. This would not occur until after the message finished. The second project was making a rudimentary thermostat that could work in the Internet of Things. This involved using everything we learned at once: I2C, GPIO, timers, and UART2. I2C would communicate with the temperature sensor to get a reading, this would be stored in memory and compared to our set temperature (which could be changed using buttons configured through GPIO), a timer would control the tick rate of the program logic and UART2 would send data derived from the program and I2C every second out (to a server if it was for real).

I think I did a great job at breaking down the problems given into their most basic components. This allowed me to easily solve the problems given the limitations or structures of whatever peripherals we were meant to use. All our material for both of these projects assumed the use of UART, which is no longer included in the drivers of this board, so I also got to put my documentation reading to the test. Thankfully, UART2 is very similar to UART, so things mostly line up one-to-one but I did need to make changes in multiple given functions and parameter settings to make things work.
I did have issues turning in the final project on time. For everything else, I was punctual. I mismanaged my time given that I had a busy time in life and did not set aside enough time to finish the project. I ran into a similar issue in another class last term so I still need to improve on this aspect of my work. I also found myself stuck a few times trying to attack problems from one specific angle instead of broadening my viewpoint. This led me to stubbornly trying to make a bad approach work. Once I settled down and stepped back from the problem for a moment, I was able to see easy solutions that I did not before. I believe this will improve as I work with others since few programmers work alone.

The biggest resource for this project were the extensive documentation pages found on the Texas Instruments website. This allowed me to get details I needed on every single function, parameter, and configuration available. This will be useful if I ever need to do this for my career. I do not plan on working on hardware, however I do want to work in the virtual reality space, so I may end up closer to that path than I realize now. Just knowing the basics of how embedded systems are structured should help when working with them at all even if I am not building them.
